# linear-regrresion-model-multiple-features
This project is focused on implementing a Linear Regression model with multiple features using Scikit-Learn, a popular Python library for machine learning. This model is used to predict the dependent variable based on multiple independent variables.
DATA SET
The dataset contains 9568 data points collected from a Combined Cycle Power Plant over 6 years (2006-2011), when the power plant was set to work with full load. Features consist of hourly average ambient variables Temperature (T), Ambient Pressure (AP), Relative Humidity (RH) and Exhaust Vacuum (V) to predict the net hourly electrical energy output (EP) of the plant.
A combined cycle power plant (CCPP) is composed of gas turbines (GT), steam turbines (ST) and heat recovery steam generators. In a CCPP, the electricity is generated by gas and steam turbines, which are combined in one cycle, and is transferred from one turbine to another. While the Vacuum is colected from and has effect on the Steam Turbine, he other three of the ambient variables effect the GT performance.
For comparability with our baseline studies, and to allow 5x2 fold statistical tests be carried out, we provide the data shuffled five times. For each shuffling 2-fold CV is carried out and the resulting 10 measurements are used for statistical testing.
We provide the data both in .ods and in .xlsx formats

Dependencies:
To run this project, you will need to have the following libraries installed:

Python 3.x
Scikit-Learn
NumPy
Pandas
Matplotlib
Installation:
To install Scikit-Learn, run the following command:
pip install scikit-learn

To install NumPy, run the following command:
pip install numpy

To install Pandas, run the following command:
pip install pandas

To install Matplotlib, run the following command:
pip install matplotlib

Usage:

Import the necessary libraries:
import numpy as np
import pandas as pd
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression

Load the dataset into a Pandas dataframe:
data = pd.read_csv('dataset.csv')

Split the data into training and testing sets:
X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, test_size=0.2, random_state=0)

Create an instance of the LinearRegression class:
regressor = LinearRegression()

Train the model on the training data:
regressor.fit(X_train, y_train)

Make predictions on the testing data:
y_pred = regressor.predict(X_test)

Evaluate the performance of the model:
from sklearn.metrics import mean_squared_error, r2_score
print('Mean Squared Error:', mean_squared_error(y_test, y_pred))
print('Coefficient of Determination (R^2):', r2_score(y_test, y_pred))

Conclusion:
This project demonstrated how to implement a Linear Regression model with multiple features using Scikit-Learn. By using this model, you can predict the dependent variable based on multiple independent variables. You can use this model for a wide range of applications, such as predicting stock prices, predicting housing prices, and more
